1.	企业介绍 Introduction
德州六和建设工程有限公司成立于2006年6月，是由德州市工商行政管理局注册登记，山东省建筑工程管理局安全生产认证许可的工程安装企业。在施工企业不断发展的同时，2009年又着手创建了山东瑞莱德电气有限公司，主要生产成套电气产品，从而建立了设备、生产、施工一体化的工作模式，2014年7月，为自主创新、节约成本、扩大市场企业又克服种种困难，再度创立山东瑞和电力勘查设计有限公司，成为设计、制造、施工、试验一条龙服务的电力工程公司。
公司位于环境优美的德州经济开发区，比邻中国太阳谷和减河湿地风景区，东临京沪高铁德州东站及高铁客运站，西临京福高速，背靠滨德高速，交通便利位置优越。
我们致力于，携手共建优质工程，互惠互利合作共赢的服务宗旨，着力打造一站式贴心服务，力求成为客户最满意的选择。
Dezhou Liuhe Construction Engineering Co.Ltd is an engineering installation enterprise established in June, 2006. It is registered in Dezhou Municipal Administration for Industry and Commerce, and its safe production certificate is authorized by Shandong Construction Works Administration.
In 2009, Shandong Reliable Electrical Engineering Co.Ltd is established to mainly operate in producing Complete Electrical Equipment. Later in July 2014, the group also established Shandong Ruihe Electrical Prospecting & Design Co.Ltd, to make the group become a full-stack (design, production, construction and testing) electrical company.
We are committed to have win-win cooperation with our clients with our full-stack services.
2.	公司资质 Qualification
送变电工程专业承包二级资质（山东省建设厅），
Type Class II Qualification in the field of electricity distribution engineering, authorized by Shandong Provincial Department of Construction.
机电设备安装三级资质
Type Class III Qualification in the field of electrical equipment installation
城市及道路照明工程三级资质
Type Class III Qualification in the field of city & road lighting project
承装（修、试）电力设施四级资质（国家能源局山东监管办）
Type Class IV qualification in the field of fix & testing electrical equipment installation, authorized by 
National Energy Board, Shandong office
3.	获奖经历 Awards
山东省电力工程企业协会会员 Membership of Shandong Electrical Engineering Enterprise Association
德州市消费者满意单位 Dezhou “High Customers Satisfaction Company” certificate
文明施工单位（2013）Safe and civilized construction company (2013)
2014年电力行业十大杰出青年提名奖 Shandong Top 10 Outstanding Young CEOs in Electrical Engineering for Mr Xiaolin Sui (2014)
守合同重信用企业（2015）Shandong “Trustworthy” Award (2015)
4.	电力稽查联系点
 Electricity Inspection Contact Center
2015年4月27日，山东省能源监管办公室（原山东电监办）在全省两千多家企业中选择了25家电力企业作为山东省电力稽查联系点，我公司光荣入选。
On April 27, 2015, Shandong Energy Inspection Office chose 25 electrical companies out of 2000 enterprises in Shandong Province to be the Shandong Electricity Inspection Contact Centers. We are honored to be chosen.
电力稽查工作担负着受理投诉举报、调解争议纠纷、开展行政执法等重要职责，是做好电力监管工作的重要保障。稽查工作联系点的确立，是深化电力稽查工作改革、实现稽查重心下移、关口前移, 变“上访为下访”的有效举措。有利于监管机构提早掌握电力供应、服务、市场开放以及厂网协调等方面带有倾向性、前瞻性的矛盾和问题，更好的倾听企业建议和群众呼声，增强稽查工作的针对性和实效性。对于促进电力企业依法治企、完善能源监督管理机制、加强能源监督管理将起到推动作用。
The electricity inspection job includes the following important duties: accepting complaints, settling dispute and controversy by negotiation or conciliation, and assisting administrative execution. It is an important guarantee for government electricity supervision job. The settlement of electricity inspection contact centers is an effective method for guarantying electricity inspection revolution, moving down the inspection job focus, moving forward critical pass, and changing “Appeal” into “Visit”. It will also help the government better understand the enterprises’ suggestion and people’s appeal, and enhance the inspection job’s efficiency. It plays a dramatic important role in ruling electrical enterprises by law, perfecting the energy inspection mechanism, and enhancing energy inspection management. 
 

5.	公司资质：瑞莱德  
Qualification of Shandong Reliable Co.Ltd
山东瑞莱德电气有限公司是专业生产高低压成套电气设备，箱式变电站和自动化控制DCS/PLC系统及电器节能技改、咨询、规划设计与工业自动化仪表、电力工程施工于一体的多能电力生产服务商。并与上海上科电器（集团）有限公司和山东聊城力源电气设备有限公司组成战略合作伙伴和经济联营体。
Shandong Reliable Electric Co.Ltd is an electric production & services company. Its business includes producing complete electrical equipment, box-type substation, and automation control DCS/PLC system. It also supplies electric energy saving consulting, design and electricity construction services. Partnership with Shanghai CNSK Electric Group Co.Ltd and Shandong Liaocheng Liyuan Electric Equipment Co. Ltd..
6.	公司产品
KYN28, KYN61, XGN2高压开关柜 KYN28, KYN61, XGN2 High-Voltage Switching Closet
YBM-12/0.4 预装式变电站（箱变）YBM-12/0.4 Box-type Transformer Substation
MNS，GGD，DWB系列低压配电柜 MNS, GGD, DWB Series Low Tension Power Distribution Box
低压无功补偿装置 Reactive Power Compensation Device
XL、PZ系列动力配电箱、照明箱 XL, PZ Series Power Distribution Cabinet and Lighting Panelboard

产品均取得“国家电力工业电力设备及仪表质量检测中心”，“山东省产品质量监督检验研究院”质量论证和3C、CQC质量认证书。公司完整有效的质量保证体系及科学的管理程序、准确有效的检测设备和测试人员，严格的管理制度，保证了产品质量稳定可靠和生产周期。

All our products have passed the quality test from National Electrical Industrial Equipment & Meter Quality Test Center and Shandong Product Quality Supervision & Inspection Institute, and authorized with 3C & CQC quality certificate. Our products reliability and production cycle is guaranteed by our efficient quality testing system and scientific management.


7.	瑞和电力勘查设计公司
山东瑞和电力勘察设计有限公司拥有山东省建设厅颁发的送变电工程专业丙级设计资质。主要从事电力工程前期现场勘测，方案图纸设计，是公司所有项目开展的先头部队。
Shandong Ruihe Electrical Prospecting & Design Co.Ltd owns the Degree-C Design Qualification of Electricity Transmission & Distribution Engineering authorized by Shandong Construction Department. Its main jobs are blue print design and electricity engineering early stage field inspection. It’s our leading group for all the other projects.
 

8.	公司业绩
公司业务遍及政府、公共设施、交通、教育、国土、农业、水利、医疗、国企、房地产。公司业务遍及山东各地市，正逐步走向全国各地。
Our clients includes government, public utilizes, transportation, education, homeland, agriculture, water supply, hospital, enterprises and housing estates. Our projects are located all around every city of Shandong, and we are gradually extending our business nationally. 
9.	联系我们
公司电话 Front Desk
客服专线 Customer Service 
售后专线 After-sales Service
电力设备厂 Device Manufactory 
电力设计院 Design Deparment
人资专线 HR
邮箱 Email
网址：Website
地址Address： 
5118 E Dongfanghong Rd,
Economic Dev Zone, Dezhou, Shandong 253000
 

Keyword Reference
•	山东省建设厅 Shandong Construction Department
•	德州六和建设工程有限公司Dezhou Liuhe Construction Engineering Co.Ltd
•	德州市工商行政管理局Dezhou Municipal Administration for Industry and Commerce
•	山东省建筑工程管理局Shandong Construction Works Administration
•	山东瑞莱德电气有限公司Shandong Reliable Electrical Engineering Co.Ltd
•	山东瑞和电力勘查设计有限公司Shandong Ruihe Electrical Prospecting & Design Co.Ltd
•	山东省能源监管办公室（原山东电监办）Shandong Energy Inspection Office
•	上海上科电器（集团）有限公司 Shanghai CNSK Electric Group Co.Ltd
•	山东聊城力源电气设备有限公司 Shandong Liaocheng Liyuan Electric Equipment Co. Ltd
•	国家电力工业电力设备及仪表质量检测中心National Electrical Industrial Equipment & Meter Quality Test Center
•	山东省产品质量监督检验研究院Shandong Product Quality Supervision & Inspection Institute

•	成套电气产品Complete Electrical Equipment
•	高低压成套电气设备 High/Low Pressure Electric Equipment
•	箱式变电站 box-type substation
•	自动化控制DCS/PLC系统 Automation Control DCS/PLC System
•	工业自动化仪表 industrial automation instrument
•	送变电工程专业丙级设计资质 Degree-C Design Qualification of Electricity Transmission & Distribution Engineering



